How dare you poison me?
The vase owner is angry, this is red pollen.
Non-toxic harmless
Has a moisturizing and beauty effect on the skin
You're talking nonsense, it's obviously sulfur powder.
You don't want to trap me.
Choi's mother, why did you set me up?
Is it because I know that you are close to me?
You want revenge for your daughter?
Revenge
Not the owner.
This has nothing to do with slavery.
It's this.
Her mother actually is...
Ah.
Why is this powder still on me?
The evidence is clear.
The one who wants to harm you is you.
The Pande Sea
The queen is indeed sulfur powder.
a year ago
In our palace, there is indeed a woman named Choi who is dead.
This slave comes close to you.
Of course there's another plan.
The Queen
I want to hurt you, Lord.
Phan Hai Ham
Cut out this poisonous woman's tongue for me and throw it out.
Yes.
Lady Lady Lady Lady Lady Lady Lady
It's like entering the palace.
Be careful.
The three traitors.
Other people
Dear.
The Love

Mom.
I hope your prophecy doesn't come true.
Invite the owner to shower.
Give me the water temperature.
Yes.
Suitable water temperature